ysq_items <- list(
  "Emotional Deprivation" = c("I’ve rarely had a strong person to give me
                              sound advice or direction when I'm not sure what
                              to do.",
                              "I haven't gotten enough love and attention.",
                              "For the most part, I haven’t had someone who
                              really listens to me, understands me, or is tuned
                              into my true needs and feelings.",
                              "For much of my life, I haven't felt that I’m
                              special to someone.",
                              "For much of my life, I haven't had someone
                              who wanted to get close to me and spend a lot of
                              time with me.",
                              "For the most part, I haven't had someone to
                              depend on for advice and emotional support.",
                              "Most of the time, I haven't had someone to
                              nurture me, share him/herself with me, or care
                              deeply about everything that happens to me.",
                              "In general, people haven’t been there to give me
                              warmth, holding, and affection."),
  "Abandonment" = c("I need other people so much that I worry about losing them.",
                    "I can't let myself get really close to other people,
                    because I can't be sure they'll always be there.",
                    "The people close to me have been very unpredictable:
                    one moment they're available and nice to me; the next,
                    they're angry, upset, self-absorbed, fighting, etc.",
                    "I become upset when someone leaves me alone, even for a
                    short period of time.",
                    "I worry that people I feel close to will leave me or
                    abandon me.",
                    "Sometimes I’m so worried about people leaving me that I
                    drive them away.",
                    "When I feel someone I care for pulling away from me, I get
                    desperate.",
                    "I can't be myself or express what I really feel, or people
                    will leave me.",
                    "I feel addicted to partners who can't be there for me in a
                    committed way.",
                    "I don't feel that important relationships will last; I
                    expect them to end.",
                    "I find myself clinging to people I'm close to, because I'm
                    afraid they'll leave me."),
  "Mistrust/Abuse" = c("I have a great deal of difficulty trusting people.",
                       'I subscribe to the belief: "Control or be controlled."',
                       "I'm usually on the lookout for people's ulterior motives.",
                       'I set up "tests" for other people, to see if they are
                       telling me the truth and are well-intentioned.',
                       "I feel that people will take advantage of me.",
                       "It’s only a matter of time before someone betrays me.",
                       "I feel that I can’t let my guard down in the presence
                       of other people, or else they will intentionally
                       hurt me.",
                       "I’m quite suspicious of other people's motives."),
  "Social Isolation" = c("I feel alienated from other people.",
                         "I sometimes feel as if I'm an alien.",
                         "I don't belong; I'm a loner.",
                         "No one really understands me.",
                         "I'm fundamentally different from other people.",
                         "I don't fit in.",
                         "I always feel on the outside of groups."),
  "Defectiveness/Shame" = c("I feel that I'm not lovable.",
                            "None of the people I desire would want to stay
                            close to me if they knew my real me.",
                            "I’m too unacceptable in very basic ways to reveal
                            myself to other people.",
                            "No one I desire could love me once my defects
                            are revealed.",
                            "I can’t understand how anyone could love me.",
                            "When people like me, I feel I’m fooling them.",
                            "I'm unworthy of the love, attention, and respect of
                            others."),
  "Failure" = c("I'm not as intelligent as most people when it comes to work
                (or school).",
                "I'm not as talented as most people are at their work
                (or at school).",
                "Almost nothing I do at work (or school) is as good as
                other people can do.",
                "Most other people are more capable than I am in areas of
                work (or school) and achievement.",
                "I'm a failure.",
                "I often feel embarrassed around other people, because I
                don't measure up to them in terms of my accomplishments.",
                "I often compare my accomplishments with others and feel that
                they are much more successful.",
                "I'm incompetent when it comes to achievement."),
  "Dependence/Incompetence" = c("I don't feel confident about my ability to solve
                                everyday problems that come up.",
                                "I feel that I need someone I can rely on to give
                                me advice about practical issues.",
                                "I have trouble tackling new tasks outside of work
                                (or school), unless I have someone to guide me.",
                                "I believe that other people can take care of me
                                better than I can take care of myself.",
                                "I don’t feel capable of getting by on my own in
                                everyday life.",
                                "I lack common sense.",
                                "I feel more like a child than an adult when it
                                comes to handling everyday responsibilities.",
                                "My judgment can’t be relied on in everyday
                                situations.",
                                "I find the responsibilities of everyday life
                                overwhelming.",
                                "I think of myself as a dependent person when it
                                comes to everyday functioning.",
                                "If I trust my own judgment in everyday
                                situations, I'll make the wrong decision.",
                                "I screw up everything I try, even outside of
                                work (or school)."),
  "Vulneraibility to Harm" = c("I worry about becoming a street person or vagrant.",
                               "I feel that a disaster (natural, criminal,
                               financial, or medical) could strike at any moment.",
                               "I can't seem to escape the feeling that something
                               bad is about to happen.",
                               "I worry that I'm developing a serious illness,
                               even though nothing serious has been diagnosed by
                               a physician.",
                               "I worry a lot about the bad things happening in
                               the world: crime, pollution, etc.",
                               "I take great precautions to avoid getting sick
                               or physically hurt.",
                               "I feel that the world is a dangerous place.",
                               "I worry about being attacked."),
  "Enmeshment" = c("I often feel as if my parent(s) are living through me --
                   I don't have a life of my own.",
                   "I often feel that I don’t have a separate identity from my
                   parents or partner.",
                   "I often feel that I have no privacy when it comes to my
                   parent(s) or partner.",
                   "I feel that my parent(s) are, or would be, very hurt about
                   my living on my own, away from them.",
                   "My parent(s) and I tend to be overinvolved in each other's
                   lives and problems.",
                   "It’s very difficult for me to maintain any distance from
                   the people I’m intimate with; I have trouble keeping any
                   separate sense of myself.",
                   "My parent(s) and I have to speak to each other almost every
                   day, or else one of us feels guilty, hurt, disappointed, or
                   alone.",
                   "It’s very difficult for my parent(s) and me to keep intimate
                   details from each other, without feeling betrayed or
                   guilty.",
                   "I haven’t been able to separate myself from my parent(s),
                   the way other people my age seem to."),
  "Entitlement" = c("People often tell me I’m very controlling about the ways
                    things are done.",
                    "I hate to be constrained or kept from doing what I want.",
                    "I'm special and shouldn't have to accept many of the
                    restrictions placed on other people.",
                    "I can't tolerate other people telling me what to do.",
                    "I often find that I’m so involved in my own priorities
                    that I don't have time to give to friends or family.",
                    "I feel that I shouldn't have to follow the normal rules and
                    conventions other people do.",
                    'I have a lot of trouble accepting "No" for an answer when I
                    want something from other people.',
                    "I feel that what I have to offer is of greater value than
                    the contributions of others."),
  "Insufficient Self-control" = c("13.	Often I allow myself to carry through on
                                  impulses and express emotions that get me into
                                  trouble or hurt other people.",
                                  "If I can't reach a goal, I become easily
                                frustrated and give up.",
                                  "When tasks become difficult, I usually can’t
                                persevere and complete them.",
                                  "I get bored very easily.",
                                  "I can't seem to discipline myself to complete
                                routine or boring tasks.",
                                  "I’ve rarely been able to stick to my
                                resolutions.",
                                  "I can't force myself to do things I don't enjoy,
                                even when I know it's for my own good.",
                                  "I have a very difficult time sacrificing
                                immediate gratification to achieve a long-range
                                goal.",
                                  "I often do things impulsively that I later
                                regret."),
  "Subjugation" = c("I feel that I have no choice but to give in to other
                    people’s wishes, or else they will retaliate or reject me in
                    some way.",
                    "I’ll go to much greater lengths than most people to avoid
                    confrontations.",
                    "In relationships, I let the other person have the upper hand.",
                    "I believe that if I do what I want, I'm only asking for
                    trouble.",
                    "I have a lot of trouble demanding that my rights be
                    respected and that my feelings be taken into account.",
                    "I worry a lot about pleasing other people, so they won't
                    reject me.",
                    "I've always let others make choices for me, so I really
                    don't know what I want for myself."),
  "Self-sacrifice" = c("No matter how much I give, I feel it’s never enough.",
                       "I’m a good person because I think of others more than of
                      myself.",
                       "I give more to other people than I get back in return.",
                       "I'm so busy doing things for the people that I care about
                      that I have little time for myself.",
                       "I've always been the one who listens to everyone else's
                      problems.",
                       "Other people see me as doing too much for others and not
                      enough for myself.",
                       "No matter how busy I am, I can always find time for others.",
                       "I'm the one who usually ends up taking care of the people
                      I'm close to."),
  "Approval-Seeking" = c("I change myself depending on the people I’m with, so
                         they’ll like me more.",
                         "Accomplishments are most valuable to me if other
                         people notice them.",
                         "Even if I don’t like someone, I still want him or her
                         to like me.",
                         "Having money and knowing important people make me feel
                         worthwhile.",
                         "My self-esteem is based mostly on how other people
                         view me.",
                         "Lots of praise and compliments make me feel like a
                         worthwhile person.",
                         "If I make remarks at a meeting or am introduced at a
                         gathering, I look forward to recognition and admiration.",
                         "It’s important to me to be liked by almost everyone I
                         know.",
                         "Unless I get a lot of attention from others, I feel
                         less important."),
  "Unrelenting Standards" = c("I often sacrifice pleasure and happiness to meet
                              my own standards.",
                              "I must meet all my responsibilities.",
                              "I strive to keep almost everything in perfect
                              order.",
                              "I can't let myself off the hook easily or make
                              excuses for my mistakes.",
                              "I always have to be Number One, in terms of my
                              performance.",
                              "I have so much to accomplish that there’s almost
                              no time to really relax.",
                              "I feel there’s constant pressure for me to
                              achieve and get things done.",
                              "I try to do my best; I can't settle for 'good
                              enough.'",
                              "I must be the best at most of what I do; I
                              can't accept second best."),
  "Emotional Constriction" = c("I find it hard to be warm and spontaneous.",
                               "I don’t try to be ‘in touch’ with my emotions.",
                               "I control myself so much that people think I’m
                               unemotional.",
                               "I’m too self-conscious to show positive feelings
                               to others (e.g., affection, showing I care).",
                               "It’s not important for me to know what I’m feeling.",
                               "People see me as uptight emotionally.",
                               "I find it embarrassing to express my feelings to
                               others.",
                               "It's better to think than to feel."),
  "Fear of Losing Control" = c("When I let my emotions go, things get out of hand.",
                               "I feel that I must control my emotions and impulses,
                              or something bad is likely to happen.",
                               "A lot of anger and resentment build up inside of
                              me that I don't express.",
                               "If I let my emotions in, I’ll be overwhelmed by them.",
                               "When I get emotional, it never stops.",
                               "I worry about losing control of my actions.",
                               "I worry that I might seriously harm someone
                              physically or emotionally, if my anger gets out of
                              control."),
  "Negativity/Pessimism" = c("I feel better assuming that things won’t work out
                             for me, so that I don’t feel disappointed if things
                             go wrong.",
                             "I worry that a wrong decision could lead to disaster.",
                             "I tend to be pessimistic.",
                             "60.	If people get too enthusiastic about something,
                             I become uncomfortable and feel like warning them
                             of what could go wrong.",
                             "If something good happens, I worry that something
                             bad is likely to follow.",
                             "Even when things seem to be going well, I feel
                             that it’s only temporary.",
                             "No matter how hard I work, I worry that I could be
                             wiped out financially.",
                             "You can’t be too careful; something will almost
                             always go wrong.",
                             "I often obsess over minor decisions, because the
                             consequences of making a mistake seem so serious."),
  "Punitiveness (Self)" = c("There’s no excuse if I make a mistake.",
                            "I’m a bad person who deserves to be punished.",
                            "I often have a sense of self-disgust.",
                            "If I make a mistake, I deserve to be punished.",
                            "If I don’t try my hardest, I should expect to lose
                            out.",
                            "It doesn’t matter why I make a mistake; when I do
                            something wrong, I should pay the price.",
                            "If I don’t do the job, I should suffer the
                            consequences.",
                            "When something goes wrong, it’s my fault.",
                            "I should be punished for my mistakes and imperfections."),
  "Punitiveness (Other)" = c("Most of the time, I don’t accept the excuses
                             other people make. They’re just not willing to
                             accept responsibility and pay the consequences.",
                             "Others should be punished for their mistakes and imperfections.",
                             "People who don’t “pull their own weight” should get punished in some way.",
                             "I hold grudges, even after someone has apologized.",
                             "I get angry when people make excuses for themselves,
                             or blame other people for their problems.",
                             "When I have a conflict, it’s nearly always the
                             other person’s fault."),
  "Unfairness" = c("I hold the belief that the world is an unfair place.",
                   "I’m always treated unfairly.",
                   "I believe that justice is only given to the privileged. ",
                   "When something unfair happens to me I find it hard to accept.",
                   "I feel a strong urge to protest against any unfair treatment.",
                   "I get very angry when I witness injustice.",
                   "I believe that people are inherently selfish, favoring their
                   own interests.",
                   "I feel that I’m a victim of injustice.",
                   "Even the slightest injustice hurts me.",
                   "I feel strong resentment when I meet injustice.",
                   "There’s no justice in this world for me.",
                   "People have always been unfair to me.",
                   "I believe that humans aren’t capable of treating others fairly.",
                   "My life has been a never-ending experience of being treated
                   unjustly.",
                   "It frustrates me that others get everything they want.",
                   "I always had to work harder than others for what I received."),
  "Incoherent Identity" = c("I feel lost because I’m all over the place.",
                            "When I think about who I am, I feel chaotic.",
                            "I experience a lot of chaos when I think about myself.",
                            "I feel lost, as I can’t make sense of my feelings.",
                            "I feel disconnected from myself.",
                            "The things I do often don’t make sense to me.",
                            "I’m confused about my values.",
                            "I’m confused about what really matters to me.",
                            "I don’t know who I really am.",
                            "I often feel that I’m falling apart.",
                            "There’s a lot of chaos inside of me.",
                            "It’s as if I consist of different selves.",
                            "I don’t understand what I need."),
  "Incomprehensible World" = c("I feel disconnected from others. ",
                               "I feel estranged from how society functions.",
                               "I often feel that the world is falling apart. ",
                               "I’m an observer rather than a participant in the
                               world.",
                               "I don’t feel that I belong in this world. ",
                               "I feel disconnected from what’s taking place in
                               the world.",
                               "I’m disconnected from the events happening
                               around me.",
                               "I feel disconnected from the values that people
                               hold.",
                               "The world doesn’t make sense to me.",
                               "It’s hard for me to make sense of what’s
                               happening around me.",
                               "I don’t understand other people’s values.",
                               "It’s difficult for me to find my place in the
                               world.",
                               "I experience a loss of contact with reality.")
)

smi_items <- list(
  "Lonely Child" = c("Even when I have people around me, I feel lonely.",
                     "I feel sad.",
                     "I feel that nobody loves me.",
                     "There’s no one who really listens to me or understands me.",
                     "I’m not worthy of being loved. ",
                     "I feel alone in the world.",
                     "I don't belong anywhere; I’m a loner.",
                     "I feel excluded.",
                     "I feel humiliated.",
                     "I feel lonely.",
                     "I feel inadequate, deficient, or worthless."),
  "Abandoned & Abused Child" = c("I feel desperate.",
                                 "I feel weak and helpless.",
                                 "I’m afraid that people will leave me or die. ",
                                 "I feel worthless. ",
                                 "I feel hopeless. ",
                                 "I’m afraid of other people. ",
                                 "I’m ashamed.",
                                 "I’m afraid people will hurt, abuse, or punish
                                 me. ",
                                 "I feel lost.",
                                 "I’m afraid people will make fun of me or
                                 humiliate me.",
                                 "I need a lot of reassurance from other people. ",
                                 "I wish I had someone I felt connected to."),
  "Angry Child" = c("I’m angry because I haven’t been given what I need.",
                    "Whoever isn’t with me is against me. ",
                    "I’m angry with someone because I have been hurt.",
                    "I’m outraged. ",
                    "I have a lot of bottled-up anger that needs to get out. ",
                    "I’m furious with one or more people. ",
                    "I would like to scold people for the way they treated me. ",
                    "I feel overwhelmed by anger.",
                    "I feel like hurting someone for what they have done to me. "),
  "Enraged Child" = c("I have difficulty controlling myself. ",
                      "I can become so angry that I feel capable of killing someone.",
                      "I lash out at others by saying furious things. ",
                      "I throw things around when I’m angry.",
                      "I destroy things when I’m angry.",
                      "When I’m angry, things can get so out of hand that people
                      get physically hurt.",
                      "I lose control and threaten other people when I’m angry.",
                      "I have temper tantrums and outbursts of rage.",
                      "I physically attack people when I’m angry at them.",
                      "Once I start feeling angry, I can't control it and I lose
                      my temper. ",
                      "I’ve been so angry that I’ve (seriously) physically hurt
                      someone. "),
  "Impulsive Child" = c("I regret things I did without thinking.",
                        "I don't think about what I'm saying and thus get into
                        trouble or hurt others.",
                        "I act first and think later.",
                        "I express my emotions impulsively, which hurts other
                        people. ",
                        "I can’t resist strong urges.",
                        "I say what I feel or do things impulsively, without
                        thinking of the consequences.",
                        "I blindly follow my urges. ",
                        "I have trouble controlling my impulses.",
                        "It’s impossible for me to control my impulses.",
                        "I act impulsively, which gets me into trouble."),
  "Undisciplined Child" = c("Things should go smoothly, otherwise I give up.",
                            "I have difficulty tolerating frustration. ",
                            "If I can't achieve a goal, I get frustrated quickly,
                            and give up. ",
                            "I don’t discipline myself to complete routine or
                            boring tasks.",
                            "I easily give up when things get difficult.",
                            "I can't bring myself to do things that I dislike,
                            even though I know it’s for my own good. ",
                            "I get bored easily and lose interest in things.",
                            "I don’t want to tolerate negative emotions."),
  "Dependent Child" = c("If I rely on my own judgement, I will make the wrong
                        decision.",
                        "My judgement in everyday situations isn’t reliable. ",
                        "I have no confidence in my ability to solve everyday
                        problems. ",
                        "I believe that others can take better care of me than I
                        can.",
                        "I feel more like a child than an adult when it comes to
                        dealing with everyday responsibilities. ",
                        "I feel unable to manage on my own in everyday life. ",
                        "I need someone to whom I can turn for advice on
                        practical matters. ",
                        "Everyday responsibilities are far too heavy for me. ",
                        "I consider myself a dependent person in daily life. ",
                        "I lack common sense."),
  "Compliant Surrender" = c("I keep my mouth shut, even if I don't agree. ",
                            "I act in a passive way, even when I don’t like the
                            way things are.",
                            "I give more to others than I receive. ",
                            "It’s best to accept everything from people who are
                            important to me. ",
                            "I adapt myself to other people, to make them
                            approve of me. ",
                            "I submit to other people. ",
                            "I try very hard to please others, to avoid conflict,
                            confrontation or rejection.",
                            "I change depending on who I’m with, so they will
                            like me or approve of me. ",
                            "I let other people get their way instead of
                            expressing my needs. ",
                            "I can put up with anything from people who are
                            important to me."),
  "Detached Protector" = c("I feel indifferent.",
                           "I don’t want to feel anything. ",
                           "It’s best not to become intimate with or attached to
                           others. ",
                           "I feel bored. ",
                           "I don’t want to get involved with others. ",
                           "I don’t feel connected to others. ",
                           "I feel flat. ",
                           "I feel nothing.",
                           "I feel detached (no contact with myself, my emotions,
                           or other people).",
                           "I don’t care about anything; nothing matters to me.",
                           "I feel empty. ",
                           "I feel distant from other people. ",
                           "I feel numb."),
  "Detached Self-soother" = c("I escape into fantasies and daydreams.",
                              "I crawl into bed to escape all the misery.",
                              "I distract myself from upsetting thoughts and
                              feelings.",
                              "I work or play sports intensely, so I don’t have
                              to think about upsetting things.",
                              "I sleep a lot to forget everything. ",
                              "I make sure that I’m busy, to be less bothered by
                              unpleasant thoughts or feelings.",
                              "I watch a lot of television, surf the Internet,
                              chat, play computer games etc., to soothe my
                              unpleasant feelings. ",
                              "I like doing something exciting or comforting to
                              relieve my unpleasant feelings (e.g., work, eating,
                              sexual activities, going out, gambling or shopping)."),
  "Avoidant Protector" = c("It’s better to stay unnoticed, or others will
                           discover my true self. ",
                           "I avoid problems as much as possible. ",
                           "I associate with others as little as possible. ",
                           "I stay away from conflicts. ",
                           "I don’t say things that draw attention.",
                           "I don’t get into situations where I have to deal
                           with people. ",
                           "I don’t stand up for myself. ",
                           "I try to stand out as little as possible when I’m
                           with other people. ",
                           "I avoid difficult decisions. ",
                           "I avoid difficult situations as much as I can. "),
  "Self-aggrandizer" = c("I can’t settle for second best. ",
                         "I must do what I want to do, regardless of other
                         people’s needs and feelings. ",
                         "I have to be special and better than other people. ",
                         "I must buy things, so others see that I’m successful
                         (e.g., expensive cars, trendy clothes, a nice house).",
                         "I need to manipulate people to achieve my goals. ",
                         "I must make others admire me.",
                         "I need to be the best of all.",
                         "I have to denigrate other people. ",
                         "Others should feel that I look down on them. ",
                         "I must do everything I can to acquire power and status. ",
                         "It’s essential for me to be Number One (e.g., the most
                         popular, most successful, most wealthy, most powerful). ",
                         "If you aren’t superior, you are inferior. ",
                         "I decide I don’t have to follow the same rules as
                         other people. ",
                         "Other people should just do what I tell them. "),
  "Perfectionistic Over-controller" = c("I spend a lot of time checking, to make
                                        sure nothing goes wrong.",
                                        "I don’t like surprises.  ",
                                        "In case of uncertainty, I must check. ",
                                        "I need to be in control, otherwise it
                                        becomes a mess.",
                                        "I’m very controlling towards other
                                        people. ",
                                        "I try hard to get control over things. ",
                                        "I try to do everything as well as
                                        possible, to prevent criticism. ",
                                        "I prevent mistakes by checking
                                        everything.",
                                        "I can prevent errors by controlling
                                        everything. ",
                                        "I try hard to order my life (e.g.,
                                        organizing, planning, having structure
                                        and routine)."),
  "Suspicious Over-controller" = c("If people get too close to me or intrude into
                                   my life, I keep them at a distance.",
                                   "I stay one step ahead to prevent others from
                                   hurting or taking advantage of me. ",
                                   "If others are nice to me, they have hidden
                                   motives. ",
                                   "I don’t share information that others might
                                   use against me. ",
                                   "You should be wary of other people. ",
                                   "I need to figure out what other people’s
                                   true intentions are. ",
                                   "Other people have hidden agendas. ",
                                   "I highly value my privacy and don’t tell
                                   people about myself. ",
                                   "I prevent others from taking advantage of me
                                   by being on my guard. "),
  "Attention- & Approval-Seeker " = c("I like to flirt because it makes me feel
                                      good.",
                                      "I do things to be the center of attention. ",
                                      "I’m addicted to attention and approval. ",
                                      "I make sure that I stand out through my
                                      clothes and appearance. ",
                                      "I force others to say that they approve
                                      of what I say or do. ",
                                      "I draw attention to myself when in a group
                                      of people.",
                                      "I seduce people with my charm.",
                                      "I use my sexy appearance in contacts with
                                      other people. "),
  "Punitive Critic/Punitive Parent" = c("I think about my mistakes, and am angry
                                        with myself. ",
                                        "I’m angry with myself because I need too
                                        much from others. ",
                                        "I’m angry with myself for being weak. ",
                                        "I have an urge to punish myself by
                                        physically hurting myself (e.g., cutting
                                        myself). ",
                                        "I deny myself pleasure because I don’t
                                        deserve it. ",
                                        "When something bad happens to me, I
                                        don’t deserve sympathy. ",
                                        "I can’t forgive myself. ",
                                        "I don’t allow myself pleasurable things
                                        or activities because I’m bad. ",
                                        "I hate or loathe myself. ",
                                        "I deserve to be punished.",
                                        "I’m angry at myself.",
                                        "If something bad happens, it’s my fault. ",
                                        "My needs or feelings are wrong. "),
  "Demanding Critic/Demanding Parent" = c("I force myself to be more responsible
                                          than most people.",
                                          "I won’t give myself a chance to relax
                                          or have fun until I have finished
                                          everything.",
                                          "I sacrifice pleasure, health, or
                                          happiness to meet my own standards.",
                                          "I try to do my best in everything I do. ",
                                          "I shouldn’t make mistakes. ",
                                          "I’m hard on myself. ",
                                          "I’m under constant pressure to achieve
                                          and get things done. ",
                                          "There are ‘right’ and ‘wrong’ ways to
                                          do things; I must do things right, no
                                          matter what. ",
                                          "My relationships suffer because I
                                          demand so much of myself. ",
                                          "My life revolves around getting
                                          things done and doing them right.",
                                          "I must take care of the people around
                                          me."),
  "Bully & Attack" = c("I mock or bully other people.",
                       "I lash out to other people, so nothing can happen to me.",
                       "I scare people off, so they won’t humiliate me.",
                       "I intimidate people to get respect.",
                       "I belittle others.",
                       "I mock or bully other people, so that they know I’m not
                       a loser.",
                       "I denigrate other people, so they know their place.",
                       "Attacking is the best defence.",
                       "I make myself invulnerable by bullying other people."),
  "Happy Child" = c("I feel that I fit in with other people.",
                    "I feel spontaneous and playful.",
                    "I feel listened to, understood, and validated.",
                    "I trust most other people. ",
                    "I feel content and at ease. ",
                    "I feel that I have plenty of stability and security in my
                    life.",
                    "I feel safe. ",
                    "I feel loved and accepted.",
                    "I feel connected to other people. ",
                    "I feel optimistic. "),
  "Healthy Adult" = c("When necessary, I complete boring and routine tasks in
                      order to accomplish things I value.",
                      "I can learn, grow, and change.",
                      "I have healthy relationships with friends and other
                      people I know.",
                      "I know when to express my emotions and when not to.",
                      "I like and accept myself as I am.",
                      "When there are problems, I try hard to solve them myself.",
                      "I have a good sense of who I am and what I need to make
                      myself happy.",
                      "I can stand up for myself when I feel unfairly criticized,
                      abused, or taken advantage of.",
                      "I allow myself to enjoy life and do good things for myself. ",
                      "I’m capable of taking care of myself.",
                      "I assert my needs without exaggerating.",
                      "If I make mistakes, I can forgive myself.",
                      "I can solve problems rationally without letting my
                      emotions overwhelm me.",
                      "I feel that I’m basically a good person."),
  "Non-autonomous Child"  = c("I try to stay close to people I trust just in case
                              something bad happens. ",
                              "It’s very hard for me to separate from important
                              people in my life and do my own thing.",
                              "I feel extremely guilty when going my own way and
                              taking my own decisions independently of what
                              people significant to me think.",
                              "I don’t do things by myself because I think I
                              can’t do them. ",
                              "I won’t be able to cope when bad things happen. ",
                              "I become very anxious when I think of all the
                              zdangers that may happen in the future.",
                              "I feel really anxious when I have to make
                              decisions on my own. ",
                              "I can’t see myself as a unique and separate person.",
                              "When I’m in competitive situations, I feel
                              anxious because I think that others will do better.",
                              "I think something very bad can happen to me at
                              any moment. ",
                              "There are many things in my life that I can’t
                              cope with unless other people help me.",
                              "I think I’m not as competent as other people at
                              work or at school. ",
                              "I’m afraid that at any moment something could go
                              wrong with my health. ",
                              "I feel anxious in my studies, work, or other
                              activities because I don’t feel capable. "),
  "Subordinate Child"  = c("I have to take care of other people otherwise things
                           will go wrong.",
                           "I’m afraid of the consequences of expressing my
                           feelings and/or opinions. ",
                           "I experience paralyzing fear because of what others
                           may think of my choices. ",
                           "I feel unconfident when I don’t get approval from
                           others. ",
                           "I feel guilty if I don’t take care of other people. ",
                           "I don’t express my desires, feelings, and opinions
                           because I’m afraid of offending others.",
                           "I feel insecure when I don’t get the attention of
                           others.",
                           "For me other people’s wellbeing is more important
                           than my own. ",
                           "I do everything I can to make sure others don’t
                           collapse.   ",
                           "If I don’t do what other people expect me to do, I’m
                           scared of negative consequences.",
                           "I believe my decisions must satisfy others, otherwise
                           I will be in bad trouble. ",
                           "I do everything for others and forget about myself.",
                           "I easily feel uncertain with minor criticism,
                           disapproval, or lack of attention. "),
  "Constrained Child"  = c("I’m disappointed in myself because I don’t achieve
                           what I should achieve.",
                           "I suffer that everything about me is bad.",
                           "I don’t enjoy doing something just for fun and
                           pleasure. ",
                           "I feel defeated because of everything I did wrong.",
                           "I feel intensely guilty for everything going wrong.",
                           "I'm a failure because I'm not performing well enough. ",
                           "I strive to behave properly no matter what the
                           situation is.",
                           "When things go well, I fear that they are too good
                           to be true.",
                           "Even when I’m successful, I feel I could have done
                           better.",
                           "I try to avoid mistakes at all costs.",
                           "I feel uncomfortable letting people know what I feel.",
                           "I’m a pessimistic person.",
                           "I have to be prepared for the worst in every situation.",
                           "I try hard to keep my emotions under control.",
                           "I expect things to go wrong.",
                           "I’m afraid of losing control over my emotions.",
                           "I feel dejected because I’m a bad person who did
                           everything wrong. ",
                           "I fear that my emotions may become overwhelming.",
                           "Working hard is very important for me."),
  "Over-Humble"  = c("I mention my weaknesses even when I don't have to. ",
                     "Talking about my accomplishments or nice things I do is
                     showing off.",
                     "I hate situations in which I’m appreciated and noticed by
                     others. ",
                     "Even if it’s true that I did achieve some important things,
                     I feel that it was nothing special. ",
                     "When people praise me, I try to stop them.",
                     "When people compliment me, I say something that devalues
                     what they said.",
                     "I feel very uncomfortable when others praise my talents
                     and/or accomplishments. ",
                     "I feel it’s inappropriate to be proud of myself. ",
                     "I avoid situations where people say good things about me."),
  "Spoiled Child"  = c(""),
  "Grandiose Child"  = c(""),
  "Slacker/Oblomov"  = c(""),
  "Winner"  = c(""),
  "Reassurance Seeker" = c(""),
  "Funny Protector" = c(""),
  "Clown" = c(""),
  "Pollyanna" = c(""),
  "Pretender" = c(""),
  "Rebellious Child" = c(""),
  "Sulking Child" = c(""),
  "Angry Protector" = c(""),
  "Conning & Manipulating " = c(""),
  "Predator" = c(""),
  "Disregarded Child" = c(""),
  "Victimized Child" = c(""),
  "Confused Child" = c(""),
  "Punitive Lecturer" = c(""),
  "Overly Self-permissive" = c(""),
  "Emotional daredevil" = c(""),
  "Emotional Excessiveness" = c(""),
  "Daredevil" = c(""),
  "Hyper-autonomous" = c(""),
  "Over-merciful" = c(""),
  "Idealizer" = c("")
)

sci_items <- list(

)
